hey guys so today I have a cute DIY
headband for you today and it's just
this adorable bow headband that I wore
in my Zooey Deschanel makeup look it's
super easy to do and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and if you want to
see how I get this bow then just keep on
watching so starting off what you'll
need is a measuring tape elastics thread
scissors and pins and needles and if you
don't want to sew this together you can
just use a hot glue gun and the fabric
I'm using is 18 by 21 inches and this is
just the little sheet of fabric that I
got from Walmart and you can just use an
old t-shirt if you want to so for the
first piece of fabric that you'll need
it'll be 15 and 1/2 inches in length and
4 and 1/2 inches on the width and so I'm
just marking down those measurements
right now and then I'm gonna go ahead
and cut it with some scissors afterwards
so for the second piece of fabric you're
gonna measure out 12 inches on the
length and two inches on the width and
then just cut that up with scissors
so for the little elastic piece measure
out six inches and then cut it up mine
is six inches by one inch so it's pretty
thin in that twelve by two inch piece is
going to go around it and it's double so
that it has enough space for it
the fabric to stretch is the elastic
stretches this piece is nine and a half
by four and a half is just like a little
oval and that's gonna be the bow the
bigger piece is 15 and a half inches by
four four and a half and then this piece
is 12 by two and then that little
elastic alright so now we're gonna go
ahead and iron each piece just because
it's been folded so it has kind of
crinkles in it and now we're taking the
15 or half by four and a half piece and
with the nice side up you're gonna want
to fold it over so that the kind of more
faded side is facing you and then go
ahead and sew it at the edge you don't
want to make more thicker than like one
inch seam you want it to be pretty small
and now we're gonna go ahead and flip it
over so that the seam is gonna be on the
inside and then we're gonna go ahead and
iron it since this is the piece that's
going to go around your hole into our
head
so go ahead and do the same thing for
that 12 by 2 inch piece you want to flip
it over so it makes sure that the seam
is no larger than like half an inch and
now I attached a safety pin to that
elastic and I'm pulling it through that
fabric and you want to make sure that
the edges are aligned just because this
the fabric is going to stretch as the
elastic stretches and so you want the
middle to be scrunched up at the edges
to be aligned and I'm gonna go ahead and
sew the edges also just so that you
don't lose the little elastic in the
fabric and with that 15 and 1/2 piece
you're gonna go ahead and wrap it around
the little scrunchie that we just
created and this is gonna create the
base for the headband bow and it's
basically just like the headband and you
want to make sure that you arrange it so
that when it's gonna go on your head it
won't be crinkled or a wrap around
strangely so make sure you just kind of
wrap it around that little scrunchie and
I'm gonna go ahead and sew it sewing it
will ensure that it stays on longer and
it doesn't just unglue but if you want
to go ahead and glue it with a hot glue
gun and you can do that if you're not
decorated sewing I'm not too good at
sewing either but I just went ahead and
sewed it because I wanted to I don't
even think that verb was correct but I
just wanted to make sure that it stays
longer oh that is it you're done with
your headband part but now we're gonna
go ahead and put the bow on it and now
I'm taking that nine and a half by four
and a half piece it's literally just
like a random oval I'm gonna go ahead
and fold it I realized after this you're
supposed to sew another piece on top of
it but I think it looks fine with just
one piece it might be like a little bit
thicker and near but I think it looks
really cute with one piece and I kind of
like the messy feel that it gives I
think it's a really cute kind of like
80s bow and then you just can go ahead
and tie it on one side I chose to do it
on my right side although really it
doesn't matter because you can put it on
however you want to but I like to wear
it on my right side so I just put it on
a side and I just want to fix up the bow
make it look cute and messy and however
you want to make it
so that is it it's actually a pretty
easy headband to make especially if you
use a hot glue gun but that is all you
didn't have to so the bone or anything
and I like that because it's kind of
cute and messy but the headband is
definitely very durable so that is it
for this look thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed and I'll
talk to you guys very soon bye guys